## Milestone 2 Reflection: Drag Race Visualizer

Our Drag Race Visualizer shiny app provides an easy-to-use and visually appealing dashboard presenting an overview of contestants from RuPaul's Drag Race. When the user opens the app they are presented with results from the first season with the following 4 components: hometown map, relative ranking table, performance line graph, and outcome tally table.

The map contains markers of the queen's hometowns that the user can zoom into and explore. When the user clicks on a marker, a small pop-up shows the respective queen's name, city/state, and age while competing on the show. The relative rankings table shows the final ranking of each queen, as well as how many challenges they participated in during their season. The performance line graph shows the progression of each queen's performance throughout the episodes of the season they appeared on. Finally, the outcome tally table shows how many times each queen achieved each of the possible outcomes (Win, High, Safe, Low, Bottom) by the end of their competition. 

The user also has the option of refining their search by selecting a different season, setting a certain age range, selecting specific queens by name, or filtering for queens that are part of other categories, including whether they were given the title of 'Miss Congeniality' and if they were the winners, finalists, or the first to be eliminated in their competition. 

Most of the dashboard components have been implemented as initially outlined in our proposal. However, the outcome tally table was initially planned to be visualized with a bar graph showing the total outcome counts and a pie chart showing the outcome percentages. However, these charts would only be suitable if only one queen was selected in the user's search. Since the current dashboard shows all the queens within a season by default, and since it is possible for the user to select more than one queen, we determined that these bar/pie charts would not work when there are several contestants selected and opted for a summary table instead.

Our dashboard does a good job of summarizing the results from each season, with a visually appealing theme and user-friendly layout. Nonetheless, the current structure of the app limits the user's search to only view contestants from the same season. The app can be improved by adding a separate tab with more flexible search options that allow the user to view and compare queens from different seasons. For example, it could allow the user to find the winners across multiple seasons. Additionally, the app currently uses preprocessed data from a `csv` file that sits in the `dragracerviz` repository. A future improvement can be to preprocess the data from within the app, so that any updates to the original datasets from the `{dragracer}` package can be streamlined and automatically reflected in the deployed app. 
