## Milestone 4 Reflection: Drag Race Visualizer

Our Drag Race Visualizer shiny app provides an easy-to-use and visually appealing dashboard presenting an overview of contestants from RuPaul's Drag Race. When the user opens the app they are presented with the following 4 components: hometown map, relative ranking table, performance line graph, and outcome tally table.

The map contains markers of the queen's hometowns that the user can zoom into and explore. When the user clicks on a marker, a small pop-up shows the respective queen's name, city/state, and age while competing on the show. The relative rankings table shows the final ranking of each queen, as well as how many challenges they participated in during their season. The performance line graph shows the progression of each queen's performance throughout the episodes of the season they appeared on. Finally, the outcome tally table shows how many times each queen achieved each of the possible outcomes (Win, High, Safe, Low, Bottom) by the end of their competition. 

The user also has the option of refining their search by selecting one or more seasons, setting a certain age range, selecting specific queens by name, or filtering for queens that are part of other categories, including whether they were given the title of 'Miss Congeniality' and if they were the winners, finalists, or the first to be eliminated in their competition. 

Since receiving feedback from the milestone 3 peer review, we have implemented several improvements to the functionality and appearance of the app. The Season filter has been made optional and allows for the selection of multiple seasons so that they can compare queens from different seasons, which they couldn't do before. One common feedback point was that users found it difficult to deselect filtering options such as the Queen filter, and had to refresh the app to change their search. So, we added more visible "remove" buttons on the Season and Queen selections, and also added a "Reset Filters" button to easily return all filters to their default settings. Another recurring point was how the plot showing Queen performance over the episodes was overcrowded with lines and difficult to follow. So, we have limited the plot display to only show the top 10 queens who participated in the most challenges during their season. We have made a number of other improvements to the filters and leaflet plot, which can be found in [this issue](https://github.com/UBC-MDS/dragracerviz/issues/52).

Overall, our dashboard does a great job of summarizing data from RuPaul's Drag Race, with a visually appealing theme, user-friendly layout, and engaging content that would appeal to many of the show's fans. However, when new seasons are released, new contestants would not be shown unless the app is manually updated, since the app currently uses preprocessed data from a `csv` file that sits in the `dragracerviz` repository. As such, a future improvement can be to streamline data preprocessing directly through the app, so that any updates to the original datasets from the `{dragracer}` package can be automatically reflected in the deployed app. 
